# MCI-Approved-Medical-College
MCI Approved Medical College - UVGCM   UV Gullas College of Medicine  UV Gullas Medical College is one of the Philippine s best-known medical education centers. the medical office the seed for this institution. The famous medical college is now located in the Philippines. The College is connected to the well-known UV Gullas Hospital with 1280 hospital beds. The hospital receives nearly 5000 patients every day. The 8-story activity complex is different and can be used to conduct up to 40 operations simultaneously, a new-story medical complex and a separate pediatric building with all specialties under one roof. The well-known Departments of UV Gullas College of medicine are Surgical Gastroenterology and the Institute for Manual Rehabilitation and Plastic Surgery. The RSRM Clinic is also linked to obstetrics and gynecology services  MBBS is the most common medical degree in the Philippines. It is mandatory to become an allopathic doctor MBBS. Applicants provide a comprehensive and detailed understanding of the human body, realistic body dissection experience and various types of operations. Although MBBS implementation has been indicated, MBBS is not accessible through distance learning. Through correspondence in the Philippines, the MBBS system of Max Healthcare and the UV Gullas medical college were regularly interconnected with the Medical Council of India[ MCI]. MCI is a medical institution that maintains high medical education requirements, both undergraduate and postgraduate.  We also located in all over area in Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Bihar, Chhattisgarh, Goa, Gujarat, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir, Jharkhand, Karnataka, Kerala, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Meghalaya, Meghalaya, Nagaland, Odisha, Punjab, Rajasthan, Sikkim, Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh, Tripura and Telangana.
